Test Report of Rishabh   - Management,Leadership And Coordination Skills
No. 1;
Question - You ask a coworker if they can help you with a client, they cross their arms and roll their eyes but do not say anything. Have they communicated?;
Correct Answer - No, when they answer you they will have communicated back, completing two-way communication;
Selected Answer - Yes, they have used non-verbal communication;


No. 2;
Question - Stewart is working with a retail giant in eastern Tokyo. Every week the team meets at 10 a.m. on Monday morning to discuss the progress of current open items and the plans for the next week. Martha is assigned to take notes, prepare minutes of the meeting, and keep track of open items. Stewart feels that this is a task for the team and should be done by all members in rotation every week. Which is the best way for Stewart to communicate his thoughts?;
Correct Answer - I thank Martha for her hard work. It is not easy to steer meetings every week. I believe we all need to learn these skills. Let us start doing it turn by turn from next week.;
Selected Answer - I thank Martha for her hard work. It is not easy to steer meetings every week. I believe we all need to learn these skills. Let us start doing it turn by turn from next week.;


No. 3;
Question - Ryan is working in his office and a client walks into your office and is exceedingly angry and difficult to talk to. How do you approach your client to make your meeting as productive as possible?;
Correct Answer - Acknowledge that they are upset and ask them what is bothering them.;
Selected Answer - You are already working and would reschedule the meeting.;


No. 4;
Question -  Mary is a young and dynamic sales representative. She works for a consumer durables company in the US. During the client interactions, she diligently thanks her customers and shares her visiting cards.After every meeting, she shares minutes of the meeting with the client and succeeds it with a formal follow up. How can she further improve her sales interactions?;
Correct Answer - In the current scenario, it is better to be flexible than structured. She can be more customer-centric, rather than process-centric.;
Selected Answer - In the current scenario, it is better to be flexible than structured. She can be more customer-centric, rather than process-centric.;

