Test Report of Lang   - Introduction to Operating System
No. 1;
Question - You want to monitor the CPU, memory, and disk usage on your computer to ensure that there are no bottlenecks. Which MMC snap ? in would you load to access System Monitor?;
Correct Answer - System Monitor;
Selected Answer - Reliability Monitor;


No. 2;
Question - which of the following containers contains all Registry-based Group Policy settings, including settings for Windows Components, System, and Network? ;
Correct Answer - Administrative Templates;
Selected Answer - Administrative Templates;


No. 3;
Question - Which is the windows tool used for patching (Install windows updates) on 1000 of machines?;
Correct Answer - WSUS;
Selected Answer - DHCP;


No. 4;
Question - Which IIS version is available on Windows 2016 server?;
Correct Answer - . IIS 10.0;
Selected Answer - IIS 7.0;


No. 5;
Question - Which FSMO role used for Domain time management?;
Correct Answer - PDC Emulator;
Selected Answer - Domain Naming master;


No. 6;
Question - What option can you use to prevent deleting a group in Windows Server 2008?;
Correct Answer - Protect object from accidental deletion.;
Selected Answer - Protect object from accidental deletion.;


No. 7;
Question - What is a forest?;
Correct Answer - The collection of every object, its attributes and attribute syntax in the Active Directory.;
Selected Answer - Containers in Find which domains can be grouped. They create a hierarchy for the domain and create the structure of the Active Directory?s company in geographical or organizational terms.;


No. 8;
Question - To Find which of the following Active Directory containers can Group Policies be applied?;
Correct Answer - all of the given options;
Selected Answer - domains;


No. 9;
Question - To create a GPO for a domain or an organizational unit, you use either the Active Directory Users and Computers console or the __________.;
Correct Answer - Group Policy Management Console;
Selected Answer - Domain Policy Management console;


No. 10;
Question - The GPT contains all of the Registry entries, as well as associated files and folders required to implement the various GPO functions.;
Correct Answer - TRUE;
Selected Answer - FALSE;


No. 11;
Question - In order to delegate permissions for a GPO, you must have the ___________ permission for the GPO.;
Correct Answer - Edit settings, delete and modify the security;
Selected Answer - none of the mentioned;


No. 12;
Question - Group Policy settings are divided into two categories: Computer Configuration settings and __________. ;
Correct Answer - User Configuration settings;
Selected Answer - Group Configuration settings;


No. 13;
Question - Find what are Group Policy Objects?;
Correct Answer - A collection of settings that define Find what a system will look like and how it will behave for a defined group of users.;
Selected Answer - A collection of settings that define Find what a system will look like and how it will behave for a defined group of users.;


No. 14;
Question - Do we need to shutdown hyper-v guest server to extend RAM size?;
Correct Answer - YES;
Selected Answer - YES;


No. 15;
Question - Do we need to shutdown hyper-v guest server to extend disk space?;
Correct Answer - YES;
Selected Answer - NO;


No. 16;
Question - Do we need to shutdown hyper-v guest server to extend CPUs count?;
Correct Answer - YES;
Selected Answer - YES;

