Test Report of Bert NA - Aptitude Concepts
No. 1;
Question - What do you mean by To catch a tartar ?;
Correct Answer - To catch a dangerous person;
Selected Answer - To trap wanted criminal with great difficulty;


No. 2;
Question - Select the most appropriate options which competes the given statement. Despite his best efforts to conceal his anger ......;
Correct Answer - people came to know that he was annoyed;
Selected Answer - he succeeded in camouflaging his emotions;


No. 3;
Question - Select the correct word which will complete the sentence. The miser gazed ...... at the pile of gold coins in front of him.;
Correct Answer - avidly ;
Selected Answer - admiringly;


No. 4;
Question - Select the correct word which will complete the sentence.  The grapes are now ...... enough to be picked.;
Correct Answer - ripe;
Selected Answer - ready ;


No. 5;
Question - Select the correct options which improves the sentence.  Sentence- his powerful desire brought about his downfall.;
Correct Answer - His desire for power;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 6;
Question - Select the correct option for this analogy. SYMPHONY:COMPOSER;
Correct Answer - Fresco:painter;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 7;
Question - Rearrange the following six sentences (P), (Q), (R) and (S) in the proper sequence to form a meaningful paragraph. S1 and S6 are the first and last statements.   S1: For some time in his youth Abraham Lincoln was manager for a shop.  P : Then a chance Customer would come.  Q : Young Lincoln way of keeping shop was entirely unlike anyone else's  R : Lincoln would jump up and attend to his needs and then revert to his reading.  S : He used to lie full length on the counter of the shop eagerly reading a book.  S6: Never before had Lincoln had so much time for reading as had then.  The Proper sequence should be:;
Correct Answer - QSPR;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 8;
Question - Rearrange the following six sentences (P), (Q), (R) and (S) in the proper sequence to form a meaningful paragraph. S1 and S6 are the first and last statements.   S1: All the land was covered by the ocean.  P : The leading god fought the monster, killed it and chopped its body into two halves.  Q : A terrible monster prevented the gods from separating the land from the water.  R : The god made the sky out of the upper part of the body and ornamented it with stars.  S : God created the earth from the lower part, grew plants on it and populated it with animals.  S6: The god moulded the first people out of clay according to his own image and mind. The Proper sequence should be:;
Correct Answer - QPRS;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 9;
Question - Rearrange the following six sentences (P), (Q), (R) and (S) in the proper sequence to form a meaningful paragraph. S1 and S6 are the first and last statements.    S1: Smoke oozed up between the planks.  P : Passengers were told to be ready to quit the ship.  Q : The rising gale fanned the smouldering fire.  R : Everyone now knew there was fire on board.  S : Flames broke out here and there.  S6: Most people bore the shock bravely.  The Proper sequence should be:;
Correct Answer - SRQP;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 10;
Question - Rearrange the following five sentences in proper sequence so as to for a meaningful paragraph, then answer the questions given below them.   1.After Examining him, the doctor smiled at him mischievously and took out a syringe.  2.Thinking that he was really sick, his father summoned the family doctor.  3.That day, Mintu wanted to take a day off from school.  4.Immediately, Mintu jumped up from his bed and swore that he was fine.  5.Therefore; he pretended to be sick and remained in bed.  Which sentence should come fourth in the paragraph?;
Correct Answer - 1 ;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 11;
Question - Read the following passage and answer the following question. Detective glories tend to glorify crime. Murderers, gangsters and crooks all kinds are described as tough, cunning and courageous individuals who know how to take care of themselves and how to get what they want. In James McCain's The Postman Always Rings twice, for instance the villain is much more impressive character than his victim. He is casual brave smart and successful with women. It is true that he finally gets caught. But he is punished for a crime that he did not commit, so that his conviction is hardly a triumph of justice. Besides, looking back over the exciting life of the criminal, the reader might conclude that it was worth the risk. Q11. The passage mention James McCain;
Correct Answer - as an author of detective stories;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 12;
Question - Read each sentence to find out whether there is any grammatical error in it. The error, if any will be in one part of the sentence. The option of that part is the answer. If there is no error, the answer is '4'. (Ignore the errors of punctuation, if any). ;
Correct Answer - We discussed about the problem so thoroughly;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 13;
Question - Read each sentence to find out whether there is any grammatical error in it. The error, if any will be in one part of the sentence. The letter of that part is the answer. If there is no error, the answer is 'option4'. (Ignore the errors of punctuation, if any). ;
Correct Answer - We discussed about the problem so thoroughly ;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 14;
Question - In the question given below,the sentences have been given in Active/Passive voice. From the given alternatives, choose the one which best expresses the given sentence in Passive/Active voice. His father ordered him to go to his room and study.;
Correct Answer - His father said,;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 15;
Question - In the following the questions choose the word which best expresses the meaning of the given word. STRINGENT;
Correct Answer - Rigorous;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 16;
Question - In the following the questions choose the word which best expresses the meaning of the given word. IMPROVEMENT;
Correct Answer - Betterment;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 17;
Question - In the following the questions choose the word which best expresses the meaning of the given word. EMBEZZLE;
Correct Answer - Misappropriate;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 18;
Question - In the following question, choose the word which is the exact OPPOSITE of the given words. EXODUS ;
Correct Answer - Influx ;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 19;
Question - Detective glories tend to glorify crime. Murderers, gangsters and crooks all kinds are described as tough, cunning and courageous individuals who know how to take care of themselves and how to get what they want. In James McCain's The Postman Always Rings twice, for instance the villain is much more impressive character than his victim. He is casual brave smart and successful with women. It is true that he finally gets caught. But he is punished for a crime that he did not commit, so that his conviction is hardly a triumph of justice. Besides, looking back over the exciting life of the criminal, the reader might conclude that it was worth the risk. Murderers, gangsters and crooks referred to in the passage given above;
Correct Answer - are often glorified in detective stories;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 20;
Question - Detective glories tend to glorify crime. Murderers, gangsters and crooks all kinds are described as tough, cunning and courageous individuals who know how to take care of themselves and how to get what they want. In James McCain's The Postman Always Rings twice, for instance the villain is much more impressive character than his victim. He is casual brave smart and successful with women. It is true that he finally gets caught. But he is punished for a crime that he did not commit, so that his conviction is hardly a triumph of justice. Besides, looking back over the exciting life of the criminal, the reader might conclude that it was worth the risk. According to this passage, a criminal in a detective story generally gets caught;
Correct Answer - for the crimes he has not committed;
Selected Answer - because the police is smarter than the criminals;


No. 21;
Question - Detective glories tend to glorify crime. Murderers, gangsters and crooks all kinds are described as tough, cunning and courageous individuals who know how to take care of themselves and how to get what they want. In James McCain's The Postman Always Rings twice, for instance the villain is much more impressive character than his victim. He is casual brave smart and successful with women. It is true that he finally gets caught. But he is punished for a crime that he did not commit, so that his conviction is hardly a triumph of justice. Besides, looking back over the exciting life of the criminal, the reader might conclude that it was worth the risk. According to the passage, the life of a criminal;
Correct Answer - tend to create wrong notion about crimes and punishment;
Selected Answer - tend to create wrong notion about crimes and punishment;


No. 22;
Question - Correct the given statement :You need not come unless you want to.;
Correct Answer - You don't need to come unless you want to;
Selected Answer - You don't need to come unless you want to;


No. 23;
Question - Choose a single word substitute for the given statement : Extreme old age when a man behaves like a fool.;
Correct Answer - Dotage;
Selected Answer - Dotage;


No. 24;
Question -  Rearrange the following five sentences in proper sequence so as to for a meaningful paragraph, then answer the questions given below them.  1.After Examining him, the doctor smiled at him mischievously and took out a syringe.  2.Thinking that he was really sick, his father summoned the family doctor.  3.That day, Mintu wanted to take a day off from school.  4.Immediately, Mintu jumped up from his bed and swore he was fine.  5.Therefore; he pretended to be sick and remained in bed.   Which sentence should come second in the paragraph?;
Correct Answer - 5;
Selected Answer - 1;

