Test Report of Ron   - Verbal
No. 1;
Question - Select the correct word which will complete the sentence. The miser gazed ...... at the pile of gold coins in front of him.;
Correct Answer - avidly ;
Selected Answer - thoughtfully;


No. 2;
Question - Select the correct word which will complete the sentence.  The grapes are now ...... enough to be picked.;
Correct Answer - ripe;
Selected Answer - ready ;


No. 3;
Question - Select the correct option for this analogy. SYMPHONY:COMPOSER;
Correct Answer - Fresco:painter;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 4;
Question - Rearrange the following six sentences (P), (Q), (R) and (S) in the proper sequence to form a meaningful paragraph. S1 and S6 are the first and last statements.   S1: All the land was covered by the ocean.  P : The leading god fought the monster, killed it and chopped its body into two halves.  Q : A terrible monster prevented the gods from separating the land from the water.  R : The god made the sky out of the upper part of the body and ornamented it with stars.  S : God created the earth from the lower part, grew plants on it and populated it with animals.  S6: The god moulded the first people out of clay according to his own image and mind. The Proper sequence should be:;
Correct Answer - QPRS;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 5;
Question - Rearrange the following six sentences (P), (Q), (R) and (S) in the proper sequence to form a meaningful paragraph. S1 and S6 are the first and last statements.    S1: Smoke oozed up between the planks.  P : Passengers were told to be ready to quit the ship.  Q : The rising gale fanned the smouldering fire.  R : Everyone now knew there was fire on board.  S : Flames broke out here and there.  S6: Most people bore the shock bravely.  The Proper sequence should be:;
Correct Answer - SRQP;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 6;
Question - Read each sentence to find out whether there is any grammatical error in it. The error, if any will be in one part of the sentence. The letter of that part is the answer. If there is no error, the answer is 'option4'. (Ignore the errors of punctuation, if any). ;
Correct Answer - We discussed about the problem so thoroughly ;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 7;
Question - Q15. According to the passage, the life of a criminal;
Correct Answer - tend to create wrong notion about crimes and punishment;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 8;
Question - In the following the questions choose the word which best expresses the meaning of the given word. IMPROVEMENT;
Correct Answer - Advancement;
Selected Answer - ;


No. 9;
Question - Choose a single word substitute for the given statement : Extreme old age when a man behaves like a fool.;
Correct Answer - Dotage;
Selected Answer - Senility;


No. 10;
Question -  Rearrange the following five sentences in proper sequence so as to for a meaningful paragraph, then answer the questions given below them.  1.After Examining him, the doctor smiled at him mischievously and took out a syringe.  2.Thinking that he was really sick, his father summoned the family doctor.  3.That day, Mintu wanted to take a day off from school.  4.Immediately, Mintu jumped up from his bed and swore he was fine.  5.Therefore; he pretended to be sick and remained in bed.   Which sentence should come second in the paragraph?;
Correct Answer - 5;
Selected Answer - 2;

